Create ui-c8y-1019-23-3-if-the-max-value-of-a-datapoint-is-0-it-is.md (#1996)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1019-23-3-if-the-max-value-of-a-datapoint-is-0-it-is.md

---
date: ""

> title: If the max value of a datapoint is 0 it is now correctly displayed in the range display. [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6226)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Range display now shows correct value if datapoint maximum is 0
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-58555
version: 1019.23.3
---

> If the max value of a datapoint is 0 it is now correctly displayed in the range display. [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6226)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
In some cases, datapoints with a configured maximum value of 0 were not displayed correctly in the range display of dashboards and other visualizations. This issue has been resolved and the range display now correctly shows the value for datapoints with a maximum of 0. This change improves the accuracy and consistency of data visualizations for all users.
```
